This assignment was easier than I thought. Initially, I thought this assignment would have more coding questions, which was I why I put off starting it until yesterday, but then I realised the only coding component was practicing pseudocode. Regarding the time it spent for me to complete this assignment, it took me shorter than I expected. However, the pseudcode questions I spent a significantly more amount of time on compared to the other questions because I kept overthinking the question. 

For example, creating the pseudocode for the prime number question, I realised I kept trying to write a pseudocode that would resemble a real code and I kept searching up prime number codes on the internet. The search results confused me even more because it gave me a level of detail I did not need to write pseudocode and because I am not strong in code comprehension yet, so there were a few features in the code that I did not understand. Eventually, I realised I did not need to make a formula or anything too complex to create a pseudocode for the problem because all prime numbers only have 2 factors and every number has a factor of itself and 1 anyways. It is just the matter of whether there are more factors than those two. Therefore, I wrote the pseudocode that would be focused on the length of the factor list, rather than the actual factors themselves. I'm not sure if this is the right way of going about the question though. 

Since I spent the most time on the pseudocode questions and I found it hard to understand some of the code I searched up, I know that I definitely need to study code comprehension writing code a lot more. I haven't gotten a chance to properly sit down and play around with code yet since I have been so busy with other uni and club work, but I plan to practice a lot during the upcoming midsem break. I plan on finding some tutorials on YouTube to follow along with and find some practice problems online.  
