Learning Journal (Project 1):

I enjoyed looking through Google AppSheet because I found many basic app ideas that could be further developed into an app that people can use to aid their daily activities. I realised looking through basic apps is extremely helpful in thinking of new idea for an app, or to think of potential further developments for an existing app.

Regarding Microsoft PowerApps, I found this less useful because the apps we were asked to look at were made from the community, which include a wide range of people with different skills in designing an app. Many of the apps on there seem to be from amateaur programmers, but it was still amazing to see that they have actually created a functioning app by themselves, regardless of how basic, or messy it is. I wonder how many trials and errors it took them to get to the point of having a functioning app, then how many it would take to create an functioning app that is presentable and user-friendly.

Thinking about a new app that my group can create was a fun challenge. We decided to go forth with the idea of creating an app that allows entrepreneurs connect with each other, but at the same time, can act as a manual, or handbook in creating a startup. I thought this app might be helpful because although entrepreneurship is often encouraged and promoted, many people shy away from the idea. This is often because the idea of creating a startup is too daunting, as there is a lack of resources in how to actually take the leap of faith in the entrepreneurship journey and how to maintain it. Therefore, we thought that this app will be helpful to aspiring entrepreneurs since they can have the 'A-Z' guide in how to create/maintain a startup.

I thought that creating the HMW questions for the app is very useful in defining the purpose of the app, as well as practicing how to think of the app from the user's end. Since we are the creators of this app idea, we may have assumptions about the app the user does not have. Therefore, by creating the HMW questions, it allow us to properly define our vision/purpose for the app, as well as identify key issues we need to address in order to create an app that is valuable to the user.
